Well done you just finished another section and congratulations.
Someone find your skills valuable and this is the fun part right.
Offer offers in negotiations.
Being able to handle those properly.
It's something that most people don't really think about because they're so focused on getting a job
that when they actually receive an offer or they're on the job they're not really prepared to handle
negotiation handle salaries handle offers which let's be honest you get these throughout your life throughout
your career.
You're going to have to handle these situations.
And it's one of the best things you can do in terms of investment is being prepared for these.
So I hope the section taught you how to handle rejection how to handle offers how to handle multiple
offers some basic tips on negotiation and how to get a raise and ask for a raise at the end of the day.
We worked so hard to get here.
The easiest part is this where we're able to set ourselves up for the rest of the year.
The rest of our career at our company in a way that we're happy and satisfied with our job with our
salaries and with our benefit there's one overall theme in all of this and that is you want to treat
people well you don't want to create enemies.
And if you do it properly you won't be a nice person.
Be positive.
Don't burn bridges.
Negotiation and asking for salary isn't going to create enemies is just two parties having a conversation
to meet in the middle and both be happy.
And just like a muscle just like we train our coding skills practicing negotiating practicing how to
handle offers is a muscle that you can train so go out there and negotiate your next race.
I'll see you in the next one.
Paba.